Oh guys what is up hot spa gaming one
year and in this video tutorial I will
be showing you how to install the better
sprinting mod for Minecraft 1.6 point to
this is extremely easy with the new
magic launcher that someone made and I
really give them tons of credit for this
because my mom when I first 11.6 111
when one point six point one came out I
was super like it's confused and having
someone demand it's so much a lot a lot
more difficult than 1.5 and all those
all the updates before because I've been
sawing mods since one point 0.1 like
it's really been that long so now now
someone made a magic launcher that makes
us so it's incredibly easy to do it so
guys is press link in description press
both of them this one take you to the
launcher in brackets magic launcher now
you just scroll down from the top press
download it depending doesn't matter
windows or mac if Windows Mac or Linux
whatever one you are just press mac if
you're on Mac Windows if you're on
Windows that's pretty simple so now wait
five seconds it'll take you to an ad
flat page then press skip ad on the top
right see right there then now press
download magic launcher one point one
point seven does it then drag this to
your desktop once you have that done I'm
just going to go back to the launcher
now what better sprinting mod scroll
down one point download one point six
point two SSP version 1.1 so these are
all a bit bit funny but it's download
vanilla adfly mediafire please wait five
four three two one zero okay we're done
now press skip ad on the top right of
the screen better sprinting Montana
mediafire page download it it's only 17
kilobytes oh that's nothing at all now
drag it to your desktop now shrink these
little buggers open them both up
okay snap better sprinting and magic
launcher open up Mac magic launcher now
now press set up you see right now I
have opted to find installed but um I'll
just because you can use it any mods
install this so make sure that you have
these settings you want to when you open
it up going to set up you probably know
that now ah now press configuration
default environment 1.6 point to make
and make minecraft.jar make sure that
both let both 1.6 motu ok guys so now
i'm just gonna delete that and press add
now better sprinting 1.6 more to da zip
see now that's an essence old press add
where is it I'm just going to install
optifine as well check out my other
video on how to install optifine and
then you can just install so many mods
with this is very good wait what up to
fine whatever guys ok so now the impetus
printing press ok and first login page
is extremely easy to do this one
minecraft 1.6 motu now it is installed
go to single player i'll just show you
that it that it works options video
settings see I don't have off to fine
that's a blister that but then so now
i'm just going to controls better
sprinting he does on guys hey its arm
this easy i'm not even joking you you
can sell any mod this easily please just
get them it's not very hard to drop like
just press the like button below and if
you have an account please subscribe
because it's it really means a lot if
you subscribe every subscriber counts
i'll message me and i'll reply back
within the day no matter wat dependent
no no matter what okay so guys thanks
for watching please script subscribe
like this said so thanks for watching
fourth time and i'll see you next time
on hotspot gaming one